hi I'm doing and I
I mean making burgers from my burger
throwdown tomorrow
chef needs a lucky charm and these are
mine because Bobby Flay is a map girling
master and because these are my lucky
charm they hope they'll help me the best
step up making the first step up making
the best girl remember girls I mean bar
girls is to roast the garlic and my mom
will cut it for me the second step at
making the best grilling burgers is to
set the garlic on it key in the middle
of them oil and then just a little bit
all olive oil on the third step is you
put the garlic and um oven one number
400 degrees 400 degrees for an hour now
now we've got um 202 pounds of meat in
the boss and we made a little mess or
there's a hole in the middle to put all
our ingredients in um we've already got
one big in the bowl
now we're going to cut up some
fresh chives to put it there
ah
I'm putting the first Jackson and after
I put a fresh chives in we're gonna have
a little bit of salt and pepper
a mountain bacon i thought that it Eric
cooked and that my mom chopped up for me
now we're adding some more Chester
shires off and i'm the secret ingredient
Brad I bet you wish you knew what it was
oh you missed it I'm putting potato
chips and this paper bag it now I'm
going to smash good chips with this
hammer it's going to be loud okay you
know it would really hurt if you wait
your finger with this thing
oh come on yeah this hangover stage
plane I now I'm going to pour them in
the hole now right now Pinkel bread
crumbs in
and like dad pinku run comfort because
they're light and fluffy now I'm going
to add a little bit of barbecue sauce
and now I'm going to add some gourmet
burger seasoning
and that's all of the gourmet burger
seasoning i'm going to add oh no I'm
good to add some animal season I'm not
out the big one normal lunch model as my
mom will want me use the big one and
that's all I'm gonna add and now i'm
gonna add a little bit of what you can't
open cut it close Oh a little bit more
than a little bit the garlic out of town
this is the roasted garlic we got a
little oven and I'm gonna mash it
instead of chopping it because then it
gets all creamy and stuff Mars now I'm
gonna scrape it until the bowl it's very
hard though
right it's really hard it's so I know
it's kind of crispy oh now i'm gonna add
some harsh on this radish dig it oh if
it'll give it a little zip hmm doesn't
smell that good but it will taste it
very good